Crimes the military almost identical to the crimes you find in civilian
life but the level of crime criminal activity is much reduced. It
always is amazing to people to find out that the murder rate for instance
in Vietnam was almost nonexistent. Everybody had a weapon, everybody
had a weapon with ammunition, everybody was had orders to carry
the weapon with ammunition all the time, and yet they did shoot each
other. The few murders that happen in Vietnam were fraggings, that
is throwing a hand grenade in to somebody, usually a senior officer,
or enlisted person. And a lot of that was racially motivated. So
the crimes are not that different than the civilian life but they they're
less of them probably because people with really serious criminal
activity are not allowed to enlist. Then you have the additional
crimes that you don't have in the military that do make up a lot of
issues in the military. UA, unauthorized absence. Awol, you know stay
out too long without leave, desertion, you know all those things
that come about and are already crime in the military that do make
up a lot of the activity in the criminal justice